aaa://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
aaas://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
about://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
acap://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
acct://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
acr://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
adiumxtra://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
afp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
afs://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
aim://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
appdata://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
apt://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
attachment://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
aw://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
barion://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
beshare://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
bitcoin://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
blob://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
bolo://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
browserext://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
callto://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
cap://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
chrome://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
chrome-extension://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
cid://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
coap://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
coaps://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
com-eventbrite-attendee://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
content://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
crid://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
cvs://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
data://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
dav://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
dict://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
dis://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
dlna-playcontainer://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
dlna-playsingle://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
dns://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
dntp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
dtn://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
dvb://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ed2k://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
example://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
facetime://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
fax://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
feed://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
feedready://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
file://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
filesystem://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
finger://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
fish://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ftp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
geo://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
gg://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
git://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
gizmoproject://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
go://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
gopher://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
graph://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
gtalk://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
h323://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ham://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
hcp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
http://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
https://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
hxxp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
hxxps://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
hydrazone://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
iax://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
icap://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
icon://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
im://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
imap://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
info://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
iotdisco://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ipn://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ipp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ipps://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
irc://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
irc6://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ircs://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
iris://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
iris.beep://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
iris.lwz://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
iris.xpc://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
iris.xpcs://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
isostore://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
itms://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
jabber://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
jar://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
jms://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
keyparc://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
lastfm://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ldap://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ldaps://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
lvlt://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
magnet://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
mailserver://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
mailto://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
maps://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
market://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
message://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
mid://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
mms://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
modem://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
mongodb://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
moz://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-access://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-browser-extension://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-drive-to://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-enrollment://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-excel://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-gamebarservices://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-getoffice://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-help://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-infopath://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-media-stream-id://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-officeapp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-people://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-project://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-powerpoint://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-publisher://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-search-repair://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-secondary-screen-controller://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-secondary-screen-setup://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-airplanemode://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-bluetooth://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-camera://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-cellular://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-cloudstorage://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-connectabledevices://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-displays-topology://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-emailandaccounts://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-language://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-location://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-lock://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-nfctransactions://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-notifications://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-power://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-privacy://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-proximity://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-screenrotation://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-wifi://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-settings-workplace://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-spd://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-sttoverlay://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-transit-to://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-virtualtouchpad://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-visio://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-walk-to://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-whiteboard://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-whiteboard-cmd://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ms-word://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
msnim://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
msrp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
msrps://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
mtqp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
mumble://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
mupdate://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
mvn://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
news://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
nfs://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ni://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
nih://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
nntp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
notes://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ocf://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
oid://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
onenote://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
onenote-cmd://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
opaquelocktoken://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
pack://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
palm://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
paparazzi://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
pkcs11://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
platform://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
pop://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
pres://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
prospero://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
proxy://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
pwid://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
psyc://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
qb://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
query://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
redis://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
rediss://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
reload://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
res://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
resource://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
rmi://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
rsync://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
rtmfp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
rtmp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
rtsp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
rtsps://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
rtspu://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
secondlife://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
service://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
session://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
sftp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
sgn://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
shttp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
sieve://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
sip://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
sips://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
skype://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
smb://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
sms://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
smtp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
snews://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
snmp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
soap.beep://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
soap.beeps://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
soldat://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
spotify://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ssh://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
steam://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
stun://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
stuns://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
submit://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
svn://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
tag://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
teamspeak://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
tel://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
teliaeid://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
telnet://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
tftp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
things://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
thismessage://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
tip://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
tn3270://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
tool://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
turn://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
turns://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
tv://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
udp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
unreal://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
urn://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ut2004://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
v-event://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
vemmi://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ventrilo://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
videotex://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
vnc://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
view-source://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
wais://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
webcal://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
wpid://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ws://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
wss://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
wtai://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
wyciwyg://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
xcon://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
xcon-userid://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
xfire://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
xmlrpc.beep://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
xmlrpc.beeps://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
xmpp://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
xri://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
ymsgr://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
z39.50://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
z39.50r://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
z39.50s://www.google.com 			PASS expected true, received true
